Hey welcome back.
And in this video we're going to have a look at how you can integrate custom documentation to help your
code generation with cursor.
We're going to be using Lang Chain.
And we're going to be creating a Python script that allows us to import custom documentation, just
in case Claude or OpenAI's models or any other type of model doesn't necessarily have that pre-training
data, that maybe the package has just been updated.
This is where we're going to have to go and get that documentation, add it into cursor, and then integrate
that into our script.
Let's have a look at how we can do this.
The first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go and I'm going to copy this documentation.
I'm going to go into cursor, and I'm going to go and load the chat window with command L.
After loading this I'm going to do the At symbol.
And I'm going to go to docs.
And then I'm going to add a new doc.
And then I'm going to paste in the documentation here.
And then it will find the prefix that it thinks it's at.
So this is the version two of Lang Langton Docks.
I'm going to say this as Langton Docks Python, and then I can click confirm.
Now that I've got it, you can have a look here.
And now you can see that it's actually indexing this documentation.
Yeah.
So we'll wait until that indexing is done.
You can see you can have a look at how many pages are indexed here.
And also you can update the name.
And you can also refresh as well.
So that can be quite useful if you want to refresh the index and make sure it's up to date.
Now we've indexed six pages so far.
So you can see now the pages are starting to come in a couple of things here.
Obviously the packages might change over time.
So you might want to reclick this arrow and that will reindex your content.
Also be aware that this is indexing it locally.
So now that we've started to gather up all these pages, we've done about 30 and it's going through
and doing that, let's have a look and see if it knows what we're talking about.
So for example we want to use this link chain open AI.
And we want to also use something like let's have a look at this.
Yeah.
So we use link chain open AI.
It's going to be running.
It's indexing this at the moment.
So lots and lots of pages that you can see here.
So we're going to say we're going to use the link chain open AI.
And I'm just also looking for something else that we can demonstrate.
Maybe a chat base loader or something like that.
So let's have a look so we can go back into our script whilst that's indexing.
And then we can say let's just ask a question first so I can say, how do I load OpenAI's chat model
using Lang chain.
And notice that we've added the Lang chain docs Python.
And now what it's doing is it's looking at my query, and it's finding specific parts of the documentation
that it thinks it should include inside.
And then it's retrieving those results.
And then the LM.
In this case, Claude 355 sonnet is actually deciding how to generate that response.
So we're using that retrieval augmented generation.
And you can see it's come up with this answer here where I can import lang chain OpenAI.
And let's put that in a Python block.
So I'll just do a new one here.
And then I've got to convert this to a cell okay.
Great.
So we figured out how we can get a Lang chain OpenAI.
And I've already got an API key saved locally.
So I can just do GPT 3.5 turbo.
So we'll get rid of this and we'll do GPT four oh instead.
Okay.
Now I'm going to ask it how do I call this.
Oh, and it's given me an exact way of calling this from the documentation.
So let's have a look at this.
So if I do this chat dot invoke and I pass in a human message hello how are you.
And then you can see like we've got this chat model and we invoke the chat model with a human message
asking the LLM how it is.
Now the next thing we need to do is we say, I want to use pydantic models with structured outputs to
figure out to generate 3 to 5 business names.
Okay.
So we're giving it the long chain documentation again, which you can see is in the context here.
We're using 3.5 sonnet.
And then it's decided to create a business named one here.
So we're going to copy and paste that which is the business names.
And we create an instance of the chat model.
So we've already got one of those.
And then we're using chat with structured outputs.
And we're putting in the business names.
So let's put that afterwards.
And then we'll just copy this.
And then we can now invoke the data with a prompt to generate business names.
So let's change this one here that we had before.
And notice how we're calling the structured outputs chain to invoke that and generate some business
names for a tech startup.
Let me just run all this code from the top down and clean up the imports.
And if you look here, if we look at what we have as a type of result.
We have a business named Pedantic Object.
If we look at this and then we can see the names property and then again, what we can then do is we
can start iterating on this.
So we could use a bit of command k that we're going to show you in the next lecture where we can say
command k.
Also add on a score for each name.
Uh reason for selecting.
And then we can change our business names.
Pedantic model.
And now we've got three individual lists.
One which has the business name, one which has the scores, and one list of reasons, which has a list
of strings.
And you've just got the reasons for choosing each business name.
Okay, cool.
If we now run this, what you'll see is you've got the ability to do result dot names, result dot scores,
and also result dot reasons.
And what's interesting about this is that even though we didn't necessarily add this code in the chat
window, if you look in the bottom, you can see that it has that context of the Jupyter notebook so
I can say what are the keys inside of the business names?
Pydantic model.
Right?
And it's going to always index the documentation, which is why it's taking a little bit longer.
So there is a trade off here of if you add custom documentation, you've also got to be wait for that
to be retrieved.
But you can also see that even with the changes from command K, it was able to integrate that back
into the chat window.
Okay.
So I want you to think about these things rather than them being separate things that you use like command
K, command L composer, you can mix and choose these different techniques.
So again, just to recap, in this video we had a look at how you can add custom documentation to a
chat window.
And that was using the At symbol going into the docs and then clicking Add New Doc.
After we'd waited for that documentation to index locally inside of your machine.
Then we started using the chat window to then generate some of the code, and then started iterating
on that.
Using up to date documentation from long chain.
Cool!
See you in the next video.